you heard me what have you heard
are you the devil monkey hi I go off
whoopee
every gang in LA has a bit of taxes so
holes let go if you stack shorten could
rob a bank
rob your own mother there's no excuses
do not test that guys look like a couple
of monsters
munna hell yeah but I'm a piece of sub
Johnny Cash how about that time you gave
me a different that's why I feel like
some cares about castle you're supposed
to terrorize the herd that's my function
[Music]
to come back into life what did you see
at gangster you're taxing 43 do four
straight days that's that was the dues
in the most violent so cultural in Los
Angeles Detroit money in the future and
you the pass got your kids we want to
buy him back you don't think he wants to
spill blood he wants to cut your heart
off can't run what's left
I got 380 on each ankle 38 in my ride 25
and my left chopper in the trunk
blocking my belt I'm on him
[Music]
took my kids man I'll ride with you -
the wheels fall you're bad all right
open your mouth he'll splat you brain
zone I don't want that dude I won't
you